Okay, where were we? Northern Lights, Alaska.
Oh, you, you choose Alaska.
It's nice that we don't need a passport and all, so I would choose Alaska too.
But I...
Yeah, true. That's true.
I really liked Alask. I went to it once. I loved it.
I. We flew into Anchorage.
And we took a train from Anchorage to Fairbanks.
Hm , like, uh, no it'was mid, mid winter
Cause summer is too bright for...
What it is?
It was a lot of snow, so it takes like, if you take that train...
and from Anchorage to Fairbanks normally is like three and a half maybe.
four hours at most on the train during the summer seasons.
but during the winter seasons,
it's like 12 hours but
Ah. But the thing is like during that season
Um. The train only operates once a week.
but there's all these little towns in between. Um...
At anchorage and Fairbanks where they don't even have roads that
are accessible because of the snow so then the mail like
They come on the snowmobile and then they hand out the mail to the...
people on the train and then we pick it up and then
along the way so the train makes a lot more stops so they can
do the male pickup. Yeah.
Yeah, Greenland, Iceland.
Norway. Yeah, cause they're way up north.
Iceland, yeah, it is.We g- . We're Greenlands. Is huge.
Yeah, Ice land, But I don't know if I want to do all of that.
Travelering.
Ye- well  it's so no  up north and it has to be during.
Winter season or.
Um, well, like October through March when the night gets dark enough. Yeah.
Oh yeah, it's Alaska, America, so.
There are, but they're so...
assimilated, ah, you know into, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
But the thing is
You have to really spend time with uh, family.
because you only have like
for three to four hours of daylight.
so like it's not like minus
30 degrees it's not like I hello. Let's go hang out outside, or you don't go
out places.
Hehehehehe.
Ha. No, Alaska didn't have that many Gloucester.
but I could.... crash into the ice hotel.
Haha! Slip on the ice hit my hand.
But I don't even want to think about emergency in Alaska.
i was somebody would know, right?
But, I would like to do Northern Lights.
More so than Japan with the family.
Really?
You'd rather go to Japan than...
Um... I it's four days is enough.
it's cause if you... Like.
With the Northern Lights to be able to see it, you have to have luck.
Longer is better, but if you can't see it, you can't see it.
Um. Yeah, you know you should really look into the ear because the magnet like the field.
have to be out there.